Let's begin by generating a summary off our data set.
So we're going to type in, describe open the bracket and type
in DS, then hit Run.
Once we get the output, we can see all the names off.
The columns there are present in our data set as well as the
minimum value, the median value and the maximum value.
Here. Name refers to the title of the book, so it has taken
the shortest title for minimum and the longest title for
maximum.
Then we have the author name once again, the shortest author
name is the minimum, and the longest daughter name is the
maximum.
Then we have user ratings thes air float values, so it just
takes the maximum and minimum accordingly.
Then we have reviews.
In this case, it refers to the number of reviews as we saw
previously, so that's understood.
Then we have the price once again float values and the year
it seems to have taken it as float values for some of the
numbers, which isn't a problem for us right now.
And then we have the genre.
Now the genre is actually to values that it's fiction and
nonfiction, so looking at this summary table, we can decide
on which column names we want to use, as are features and
which one to use as a target.
In this case, genre is the target, and it has two possible
values fiction or nonfiction.
We need to process this column, which we will work on later
using the one hot and coding method.
For now, let's just select our features.
The name off the book will not really add value.
Tow our analysis, so we're going to skip that now.
The author Once again, that's not going to add value.
So we're going to skip that.
What we will focus on is the user rating the reviews, the
price on the year.
In other words, we're going to focus on the numeric values
because our model works best with these numeric values.
Now you must be wondering, are genre, which is the target?
Variable is a string value, not a numeric.
So how are we going to use this for a model?
That's where one heart encoding comes into the picture.
I will explain it in detail shortly.
First, let's continue with our exploratory data analysis.
Let's check out the number of rows and columns in our data
set to get an idea off the size off the data set.
To do this, we're going to use sites, function and within
brackets.
Type in D F hit run.
So we have 550 rose and seven columns.
As we can see here the seven columns, the next thing to do is
to handle missing values.
Now this data set was prepared in advance so that you don't
have to worry about these things, and you can focus strictly
on logistic regression.
But it's good practice to handle the missing values.
In this case, we can just drop any rows with missing values.
So let's type and drop reaching open the bracket type in D F.
And we'll print it out by using the first function saying DF
and five, It's run.
So this is the data frame once all the missing values have
been removed.
Of course, we can see only the first five rows because we
insisted on the first five.
But if you would like to see the complete data set just
erased this line.
Type in D F and hit run and you'll see all the rose in the
next task.
We'll talk about one hot encoding and see how it works.