Welcome to this guided project on logistic regression using
Julia. My name is Juanita, and I will be your instructor
for this guided project.
I'm a certified data science instructor specializing
in Python R and Julia for machine learning, as well
as Tensorflow and Cara's for deep learning.
Okay, My latest book, titled Deep Learning Projects Using
Tensorflow, Too and Charas, was published by April's New York.
I'm passionate about data science, and I want to make sure
that you love it as much as I do.
This project is for beginners who are new to the concept
off logistic regression as well as Julia programming.
Let's dive right in.
You're I Julia notebook should open automatically as you
can see on the screen, and all the packages
that you require are already set up for you.
All you need to do is pre compiled the packages, so just
select the cell and hit run.
Next, you'll see that to load the data.
The cell has been filled in for you.
So once again, select the cell and hit run.
This is going to load in the data, and you'll even get
a preview off what the data is about.
The main objective off our data set is to classify a set
of books into two genres that ISS fiction and nonfiction.
Since this is a classifications problem and specifically
a binary classification problem, we're going to use logistic
regression.
First, let's understand what logistic regression is.
We'll do a bit of a comparison with linear regression as well,
so that we can see the differences between them.
So logistic regression is a set off rolling averages, just
like linear regression.
One major difference that we can see between them is
that linear regression is always linear, hence the name.
But logistic regression is nonlinear.
In fact, it is a curve.
In the case off binary classification, we required variables
to be between zero and one in order for a model to give us
a good output.
In the case of linear regression, the values can increase
beyond one, so this is going to cause trouble for our model.
But logistic regression ensures that the values remain
between zero and one.
Another point is that in linear regression, we assume
that the variance remains constant.
But in the case off a binary variable, this is not true
and so logistic regression is preferred.
Now let's talk a bit about the formula for logistic
regression.
Logistic regression follows the formula.
P is equal to one by one Place E to the power off Negative A
plus H into X where P is the probability.
Okay, he is the base off the natural log rhythm and a as well
as H represent the para meters off the model.
Now, in some places you will see that A and B are used.
But in this case, A and H have been used.
Don't worry too much about whether it is a B or in H
because they are, after all, placeholders, so you can
actually use any alphabet you want.
H is used to adjust how quickly the probability changes
along with the changing X values.
Ex MP have a non linear relationship.
This is why we get a curved line instead of a straight line.
By now, you should have understood what logistic regression
is why we use it in place of linear regression
for classification onda the formula or the equation
for logistic regression.
In the next task, we're going to take a closer look at our
data set and do a bit off pre processing so that we
can get started on our logistic regression model.