In order to process our data to use it for our logistic
regression model, we're going to use one hot encoding.
So what?
ISS one hot encoding When we have categorical variables
in the case off our data set, we have to categorical
variables which are fiction and nonfiction.
In one hot encoding, we check if the categorical variables
are present or not.
We use one to indicate if the variable is present
on zero to indicate if the variable is not present.
So let's take the first row.
Here we have fiction, which means under the Fiction column,
we put one.
And under the nonfiction column, we put zero in the next year.
We have nonfiction, So in this case, in the Fiction Column,
we have zero.
And in the nonfiction column, we have one.
It's the same for the next two Rose.
By now, I'm pretty sure you get the idea in this manner.
We have converted the categorical variable to a numeric value,
and this is easily understood by our logistic regression
model. In Julia, we have a package called latte.
That's L.
A T H E will be using it now, and this package has a one hot
encode function, which makes our work easy and does the
one hot encoding for us.
Let's begin by calling the newly processed column target
underscore Final and say that equal to Poppy got pre process.
This is where we're calling in the lap package, and now
we'll call the one hot and cold function within brackets
specify the data frame as well as call him, which is
the target column.
So after typing in genre, I'm going to add a semi colon
so that it doesn't print out all the values.
But if you would like to see all the values you don't need
to type in the semi colon hit run, it might take a little
time. It might take a little time to process all the values,
but once it's done, you can just check the names off the new
columns by using the names Function and entering target
Underscore Final.
When you hit Run, This is what you should see, so all
the columns are the same.
But in addition to genre, we have non fiction and fiction.
These in turn, will have only zeros and ones.
Now that we have our target, where you builds ready.
Let's select our futures.
We're going to create a new data frame, and we'll call it
specifics and say That's equal to the F.
This is where we are selecting specific columns from the main
data frame DF type in a colon, then a comma, and open
another square bracket.
Now, as discussed earlier, we're going to take only
the numeric values that is the columns with only numeric
values.
So type in a colon and the first column is user raping.
I've been user.
Underscore reading karma.
Pull in once again this time we're taking reviews.
Hama Colon Christ Come on, Colon.
Here, take your time here with typing in the column names
because you need to make sure they are correct and use
capitals wherever required.
The final column that we're taking It's not going to be
Chandra, because that has the categorical variables.
Instead, we're going to select one of the newly created
one hot encoded variables, So let's go with fiction.
Type in a colon and tie pins Asian after the square bracket,
type in another square bracket.
Andi, I don't want it to print all the values, so I'm going
to type in a semi colon.
But if you want to see all the values, go ahead and skip that.
All right, So we have selected are features and we have
a target.
Variables ready.