Let's correct the balance off our data.
First, to refresh your memory, I'm going to generate
the classes once again so that you can see the imbalance
in the data.
You don't need to do this in your notebook, but if you want
to, then you need to create an extra cell.
Last time we call the variable classes so we don't need
to create the variable again.
We can just print it.
And here we have the classes since we took the column fiction,
Anything labeled us False means that it is nonfiction,
and anything labeled us true means that it is fiction.
So we're going to use the smote technique to balance our data.
Smote is the abbreviation for synthetic minority
over sampling technique.
Yes, booty and E are taken from the word technique.
Don't worry.
It's a lot simpler than it sounds, and you're going to see
with a demonstration.
We're first going to use the smoke technique to balance our
data, and then I'll explain what happened.
In fact, by the time we're done balancing our data, you're
pretty much going to understand it yourself.
The smoke function divides the data into two parts,
so we're going to call them x two.
And why to.
And we're going to say that's equal.
To call the smoke function, Open the bracket type
in specifics.
If you recall specifics, contains the features
that we selected for a model, and then you're going to open
a square bracket, an exclamation point and another square
bracket, then a colon, and start typing in the name off
the features that we selected.
So these are user on the school reading comma.
Always type in a colon before a new feature.
Reviews on a Colin Price.
I'm a colon here.
If your time writing this down, make sure you use the correct
capitalization.
If you don't write any of this correctly, you're going to get
um, errors in your code after both the square brackets, type
in a comma, then type in specifics once again and this time
type and got a fiction, which is the final column off
the beta frame.
Then type in a coma, and then we're going to say K is equal
to one.
If you are familiar with cave fold, cross validation or K
nearest neighbors, you know that K is just a placeholder
to indicate that it is a variable and we can decide what
number we want for that variable.
So here we're just going to say one.
We're keeping it simple because our data is simple.
You'll find that this is important because as you increase
the number off groups, balancing becomes more challenging.
Now we're going to type in PCT underscore under Andi To save
time, I'm directly going to give you the correct variables.
But I do encourage you to test it out for yourself and see
the different results that you get.
For now.
Just follow along with what I'm doing so that you understand
what smoke is.
We're going to keep PCT underscore under as 200 and PCT
underscored over as 100.
Now you must be wondering why I chose thes specific values.
Let's take a look at the imbalance in our data.
Just to be clear, imbalance means that both the samples are
not equal.
We've got 310 here and to 40 here, so they're unequal numbers.
But to balance the data, we need them to be equal.
Now when we say PCT under, it means that we ideally want
the number of samples to be under 200.
Why 200?
Because the maximum number of samples is 310 and the minimum
is 240.
So overall, if we go with 200 we have a better chance
of achieving balance.
Likewise, when we check out PCT underscore over, we set it
at 100.
This means we want the minimum value to be 100 which is again
a safe number because the safest minimum for both of them is
100 now.
I don't want all the variables to be printed out.
So after the bracket I'm going to add a semi colon Onda.
Let's just come back to the beginning here.
I think I forgot to mention this exclamation indicates
that we do not want are selected features to be balanced
by the smoke function.
If we don't specify this exclamation here, then all
the columns get balanced and this is going to have a negative
impact on our final analysis.
Now you can hit run The cell might take a little time.
Okay, Now that it is done, let's generate the classes.
Once again, we'll save them in a new variable called balanced
the score classes and we'll say that's equal to freak People.
Open the bracket and within the brackets, we're going
to specify just y two now hit, run on, Look at that.
Are newly balanced data is that for 18 you must be wondering
why it's settled on 4 80.
So let's understand what smoke does the smoke function
over samples The data.
This means that it will always generate synthetic values.
If smote Onley over sampled the true classes, then we
would have some synthetic data for true and all the original
data for false.
This would negatively impact the accuracy off our model.
So to help reduce the negative impacts on the accuracy
while at the same time balancing the data, the smoke function
generates a few synthetic variables for the false class.
That is about 1 70 synthetic variables for the false class,
and it generates 2 40 additional synthetic variables
for the true class.
In this way, it was able to achieve balance while having the
least amount off negative impact on our accuracy.
Let's create a new data frame, and we'll call it specifics
on this score new and say that's equal to we're going
to contact neat or a catch y two to the specifics data set.
In order to add y to as a new column, we're going to use
the H cat function and within brackets, we're going
to specify x two comma y cu.
When we hit Run, we get the new data frame.
But as you can see, the new data frame does not have
an appropriate name.
It's just named X one.
So for our understanding, we're going to rename it by using
the rename function.
Have an exclamation and open the bracket.
Then type in specifics.
Underscore new.
Tell me Poland.
This is where we indicate that we want X one to be renamed,
so we're going to say X right and say, colon target.
This is the new name hit run, and you can see that the column
has now been renamed as target.